CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

This document explains how to contribute to
`CAR_Integrated_Service_Mesh_Architecture`. By contributing you will
implicitly agree that your contribution will be made available under
the same license as the relevant content of the repository.

## Table of Contents

* [Communication](#communication)
* [Contributions](#contributions)

## Communication

We use GitHub to handle bug reports, feature requests, questions and
general discussions (via the "issues" and "discussions" features of
GitHub) as well as for managing code and documentation improvements
(via pull requests). Transparent, inclusive and open communication is
important to us; thus, all project-related communication should happen
exclusively on GitHub and using the English language.

In the context of project-related discussions, please respect our
[Code of Conduct](https://github.com/mercedes-benz/foss/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Contributions

### CLA

Before you can contribute, you will need to sign our Contributor
License Agreement (CLA). When you create your first pull request, you
will be requested by our CLA-assistant to sign this CLA.

### Pull requests

*All* changes to the contents of the `CAR_Integrated_Service_Mesh_Architecture`
repository are done via GitHub's [standard workflow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/) --- in
particular its pull request mechanism.

If you are new to contributing to projects on GitHub, our
[First Contributions](https://github.com/firstcontributions/first-contributions)
document might be a good starting point.

Commit message:

The Git Bang
Signed-off-by: Kevin Klein <kevin.klein@mercedes-benz.com>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

This document explains how to contribute to this project.
By contributing you will agree that your contribution will be put under the same license as this repository.

## Table of Contents
- CLA
- Communication
- Contributions
- Quality

## CLA

Before you can contribute, you will need to sign our cla [Contributor License Agreement](https://github.com/mercedes-benz/foss/blob/master/CONTRIBUTORS_LICENSE_AGREEMENT.md) and send the signed CLA to [cla-mbition@mercedes-benz.com](mailto:cla-mbition@mercedes-benz.com).

## Communication

For communication please respect our [FOSS Code of Conduct](https://github.com/mercedes-benz.com/foss/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

The following communication channels exist for this project:
- Github for reporting and claiming issues:  

Transparent and open communication is important to us. 
Thus, all project-related communication should happen only through these channels and in English. 
Issue-related communication should happen within the concerned issue.

## Contributions
If you would like to contribute code you can do so through GitHub by forking the repository and sending a pull request.

When submitting code, please make every effort to follow existing conventions and style in order to keep the code as readable as possible.

If you are new to contributing in Github, [First Contributions](https://github.com/firstcontributions/first-contributions) might be a good starting point.

## Quality
Please ensure that for all contributions, the corresponding documentation is in-sync and up-to-date. All documentation should be in English language. 

We assume that for every non-trivial contribution, the project has been built and tested prior to the contribution.
